Update changelog.md (#3921)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/telemetry.rst

  - To make design decisions for future releases.

.. note:: 

> Error and diagnostic reporting is sent by the client to the endpoint ``api.segment.io``. The segment endpoint is being deprecated in favor of ``https://pdat.matterlytics.com``, a custom Rudder domain, starting in Mattermost version 5.23. To opt out, you can disable the feature in **System Console > Environment > Logging** (or **System Console > General > Logging > Enable Error and Diagnostics Reporting** in versions prior to 5.12). Starting in Mattermost version 5.26, when this feature is enabled, any 500 error happening in the code will be automatically sent to Mattermost hosted `Sentry <https://sentry.io/welcome/>`_ endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error and diagnostic reporting is sent by the client to the endpoint ``api.segment.io``. From Mattermost version 5.23 the segment endpoint is being deprecated in favor of ``https://pdat.matterlytics.com``, a custom Rudder domain. To opt out, you can disable the feature in **System Console > Environment > Logging** (or **System Console > General > Logging > Enable Error and Diagnostics Reporting** in versions prior to 5.12). Starting in Mattermost version 5.26, when this feature is enabled, any 500 errors will be automatically sent to the Mattermost-hosted `Sentry <https://sentry.io/welcome/>`_ endpoint.
```
